Feature/ritika/goal0 (#39)
nsenngineering/nswebsite: docs/CLOUDFLARE_MIGRATION_INTERNSHIP.md

### step 3 : set build mode
Next, this part runs:
cross-env CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE=sheets
This sets an environment variable:
CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE = sheets
This tells the system to fetch content from Google Sheets (cloud source) instead of local files like CSV.
### Step 4: Run the build script
The main script is executed:
tsx scripts/build-content.ts
This TypeScript file controls the full build process.
### Step 5: Fetch content from cloud
### Step 6: Process and transform content
### Step 7: Generate static website
### Step 8: Write output to out/ directory
Finally, everything is saved into the out/ folder

2. What is the difference between `CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE=csv` and `CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE=sheets`? When is each used?
=>
| Mode                         | Source          | Usage                                  |
| ---------------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE=csv`    | Local CSV files | Used for local development and testing |
| `CONTENT_SOURCE_MODE=sheets` | Google Sheets   | Used for cloud/production builds       |

3. Why does the GitHub Actions pipeline have four separate jobs instead of one big script?

> =>

Reviewer: Explain the 4 jobs that we currently have in deploy to production workflow.

=>
### Cloudflare Turnstile is a bot protection and CAPTCHA alternative service that verifies whether a form is being submitted by a real human or an automated bot, without requiring users to solve puzzles.

### If the Turnstile token is missing or invalid:
i.The backend rejects the form submission
ii.The contact form request is not processed or stored
iii.The user may see an error or validation failure message

6. What is the `CNAME` file in the repo root? Why does it exist and what will happen to it after this migration?
=>
### A CNAME file in the repo root is used by GitHub Pages to map the site to a custom domain.

### After migration, (suppose moving to Cloudflare Pages or another host):
it is no longer needed because the domain is managed in the new hosting (e.g., Cloudflare DNS/Pages), so it is usually ignored or removed.

7. List all GitHub Actions secrets the pipeline uses today. For each one, write one sentence on what it does.
=>
### A GitHub Actions secret is a secure place to store sensitive data (like passwords, API keys, tokens) that your workflow needs — without exposing them in your code.
### 1. GDRIVE_CLIENT_ID =>

> OAuth client ID used to validate and authenticate the Google Drive service account.

Reviewer: What is service account? Explain the Reply here.

Author: A Service Account is a special Google account used by an application (not a person) to automatically access Google services like Drive, Sheets, or APIs.

### 2. GDRIVE_PRIVATE_KEY =>
The actual private key used to securely authenticate the service account to Google Drive.
### 3. GDRIVE_PRIVATE_KEY_ID =>
Specifies which private key is being used for the Google service account authentication.
### 4. GDRIVE_PROJECT_ID =>
Identifies the Google Cloud project that owns the service account used to access Google Drive.
### 5. GDRIVE_ROOT_FOLDER_ID =>
Defines the Google Drive folder that acts as the root source directory for syncing files.
### 6. GDRIVE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL =>
The service account email that rclone uses to access Google Drive files.
### 7. GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_JSON =>
GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_JSON is a GitHub Actions secret (or environment variable) that stores the full Google service account credentials in JSON format.
### 8.GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL =>
This is the email identity of a Google service account used to authenticate server-side access to Google APIs like Google Drive or Google Sheets.
### 9. GOOGLE_SHEET_ID =>
This is the unique ID of a Google Sheet that your app or workflow reads from or writes to.
### 10. NEXT_PUBLIC_EMAIL_WORKER_URL =>

> This is the public URL of a backend email worker (likely Cloudflare Worker) used by the frontend to send form submissions or emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the public URL of a backend email worker i.e. Cloudflare Worker used by the frontend to send form submissions or emails.
```

### 11. NEXT_PUBLIC_R2_BASE_URL =>
This is the public base URL used to access files stored in Cloudflare R2 (usually for images, PDFs, or media assets).
### 12. NEXT_PUBLIC_TURNSTILE_SITE_KEY =>
This is the public site key for Cloudflare Turnstile used in the frontend to render and activate bot protection on forms.
### 13. R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID =>
This is the public access key used to authenticate requests to Cloudflare R2 storage
### 14. R2_ACCOUNT_ID =>

> This identifies your Cloudflare account and is used to build the correct R2 API endpoint URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This identifies the Cloudflare account and is used to build the correct R2 API endpoint URL.
```

### 15. R2_BUCKET_NAME =>

> This is the name of the storage bucket inside Cloudflare R2 where your files are stored and managed.

Reviewer: Write which files are there the R2

Author: alumni
homepage_hero
logo
projects
services
team

Author: and the type for the images are .jpg
